Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment. 

What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

The starter code was really helpful because when I was thinking/planning on waht to do I didn't even know where to start. Then I copied and pasted the started code and started editing it bit by bit to make it more object-oriented so most of the logic was already done for me and I only had to tweak the language. I got everything in the Computer class to work fairly easily. I had methods and attributes in the class which worked when I tested them. 

I started running into problems when I tried to make the resale shop. The resale shop depends on the computer class, and when I first coded the computer class, the computer class also depended on the resale shop. This threw an error of a circular references where both classes depended on each other. I then had to remove a lot of functions in the Computer class so only the shop depended on the computer class and not have them depend on each other. 

Another problem I had was with dict. I had to remove all references of dict since I was now using class attributes. That took a while because I didn't fully understand what dict was on my own. I went to TA hours and they were so helpful. They explained that dict was a way to give all the info about a certain object. This is helpful in procedural code but when I ran my code it gave me the info about where the object exists in code which wasn't what I wanted. My tutor took me through how I needed to fix the code and how to avoid this problem in the future which was really helpful! I fixed this by adding a method to the Computer class specifically to get the description of the computer. I was going to do it for the other attributes but I didn't think it would be helpful.

There were many small errors, that I can't fully remeber, but most were about language issues since I was in the process of translating of procedural code to OOP. I really enjoyed this project. It took me a while to get a hang of it but after I did it was easy to understand what was going on and how to fix things. Going to TA hours probably helped the most since there were some things that I don't think I could've gotten on my own (like dict). Overall it was a nice process and everything ended up working in the end so I'm really happy with the result. For anyone taking this course in the future I would tell them to not panic until they start working on the project. Like Ab said just start, small, (something), simple. I was panicking before I actually started tackling the program and realized it really wasn't that bad. Also make sure to ask for help, no matter what the problem is, whenever you realize you need it.